{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Cluster 0. Medoid=marry\
['marry', 'ft', 'may', "don't", 'might', 'rewind', 'could', 'hangout', 'b', 'gotta', 'r', 'bobbin', 'shall', 'feat', 'should', 'puffin', 'ck', "lay's", 'vs', "can't", 'cum', 'gonna', 'would', 'wanna', 'bygones', 'dmd', 'ru']\
Cluster 1. Medoid=abhor\
['abhor']\
Cluster 2. Medoid=thank\
['thank']\
Cluster 3. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 4. Medoid=revoke\
['revoke', 'vacate']\
Cluster 5. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 6. Medoid=win\
['represent', 'forget', 'go', 'follow', 'send', 'dissatisfied', 'preserved', 'recycle', 'dislike', 'pleasing', 'restock', 'sent', 'uploaded', 'fall', 'arrange', 'did', 'try', 'noted', 'enjoy', 'says', 'bleeding', 'sigh', 'discover', 'crave', 'shakes', 'download', 'eating', 'bake', 'click', 'admire', 'saw', 'beaten', 'waiting', 'boost', 'pose', 'led', 'met', 'explore', 'let', 'doubles', 'wait', 'receive', 'smoke', 'followed', 'win', 'clapping', 'imagine', 'elude', 'ask', 'ailing', 'apply', 'manipulate', 'standing', 'use', 'working', 'beginning', 'vocalize', 'visit', 'glimmering', 'apprehend', 'live', 'call', 'recommend', 'promoting', 'reorder', 'plagiarize', 'impress', 'refrain', 'hurt', 'hold', 'blocking', 'fly', 'join', 'left', 'divorced', 'pretend', 'crossed', 'can', 'learn', 'abandon', 'making', 'fetch', 'complain', 'compare', 'scan', 'share', 'accept', 'want', 'founding', 'provoke', 'attract', 'condemn', 'provide', 'breaking', 'reset', 'write', 'reject', 'answer', 'evoke', 'attend', 'stop', 'cherish', 'mapping', 'reflect', 'produce', 'lay', 'destined', 'verified', 'suck', 'relinquish', 'criticize', 'attempt', 'remember', 'correlate', 'resemble', 'appreciate', 'greet', 'perform', 'allow', 'enter', 'depress', 'dream', 'tagged', 'govern', 'shake', 'budding', 'disconnect', 'fit', 'acknowledge', 'fix', 'torn', 'writing', 'feel', 'restart', 'fade', 'return', 'break', 'mention', 'vomit', 'kiss', 'detach', 'flee', 'realize', 'strive', 'edit', 'refresh', 'slide', 'found', 'mean', 'prohibit', 'unlock', 'used', 'leave', 'backing', 'trending', 'opened', 'open', 'hooked', 'publish', 'looking', 'acting', 'settle', 'abounding', 'got', 'dominate', 'drink', 'undo', 'cut', 'mastering', 'shun', 'knit', 'bleed', 'keep', 'jumping', 'swing', 'wired', 'feed', 'render', 'coding', 'embarrassed', 'suspended', 'vote', 'miss', 'moan', 'differ', 'start', 'bite', 'tot', 'paint', 'trapped', 'completed', 'took', 'blacklist', 'differentiate', 'begins', 'lightening', 'beg', 'endure', 'disband', 'feeling', 'bet', 'acknowledged', 'say', 'have', 'sulk', 'need', 'seek', 'sell', 'lie', 'dancing', 'studying', 'recommended', 'take', 'aggravate', 'play', 'compress', 'discourage', 'give', 'adopt', 'voting', 'blend', 'scream', 'selected', 'entertain', 'restore', 'cheat', 'nominated', 'ending', 'planning', 'pause', 'failed', 'unleashed', 'stand', 'watching', 'hope', 'do', 'move', 'hit', 'invoke', 'get', 'beat', 'banned', 'outlast', 'watch', 'reprint', 'following', 'earn', 'donate', 'cry', 'calling', 'investigate', 'whitening', 'kill', 'disparage', 'steal', 'set', 'zoned', 'freeze', 'resist', 'arouse', 'fail', 'wonder', 'suspects', 'said', 'opening', 'please', 'reading', 'knowing', 'missing', 'blame', 'succeed', 'wear', 'spoil', 'hurts', 'come', 'protect', 'censor', 'admit', 'concentrate', 'faces', 'swallow', 'approve', 'comes', 'liked', 'subscribe', 'likes', 'laugh', 'cancel', 'comprehend', 'raise', 'create', 'add', 'replicate', 'treat', 'hawking', 'recognize', 'bewildering', 'featuring', 'exasperate', 'suppress', 'finished', 'wake', 'snipe', 'chill', 'sound', 'save', 'landing', 'look', 'tolerate', 'examine', 'act', 'will', 'chilling', 'planking', 'is', 'rip', 'sleeping', 'embrace', 'vanish', 'disappear', 'capture', 'confirmed', 'shimmering', 'pay', 'belie', 'discredit', 'finish', 'caters', 'wallops', 'hang', 'running', 'arrived', 'supposing', 'tracking', 'fighting', 'grind', 'thought', 'spend', 'meet', 'quoted', 'being', 'mistaken', 'beset', 'cries', 'identify', 'topping', 'loading', 'shout', 'spread', 'defray', 'crying', 'snap', 'has', 'build', 'swim', 'manage', 'casting', 'reuse', 'read', 'breaks', 'unveil', 'wink', 'know', 'knock', 'lost', 'achieve', 'contradict', 'ignore', 'continue', 'follows', 'translated', 'works', 'shimmy', 'learning', 'understand', 'flatter', 'begin', 'bounce', 'streaming', 'holler', 'liking', 'guess', 'creep', 'renounce', 'avoid', 'pee', 'be', 'dehydrate', 'run', 'rub', 'reach', 'burn', 'paste', 'shine', 'giggle', 'slayed', 'sweat', 'confounded', 'commit', 'administer', 'promise', 'apologize', 'stare', 'log', 'reactivate', 'flying', 'submit', 'fight', 'stuck', 'translate', 'buy', 'invite', 'evacuate', 'hear', 'gain', 'survive', 'promote', 'eat', 'posted', 'directed', 'pull', 'wish', 'adore', 'dare', 'emit', 'delete', 'gone', 'subdue', 'taste', 'stripped', 'contribute', 'am', 'beats', 'exist', 'revitalize', 'snoring', 'encrypt', 'setting', 'roll', 'obsessed', 'drift', 'stay', 'accomplish', 'tackle', 'jacked', 'happening', 'assume', 'painting', 'confirm', 'fasten']\
Cluster 7. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 8. Medoid=pardon\
['pardon', 'absolve', 'forgive', 'condone']\
Cluster 9. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 10. Medoid=skip\
['skip']\
Cluster 11. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 12. Medoid=conform\
['focus', 'updated', 'die', 'adjust', 'changed', 'grow', 'revert', 'adapt', 'updating', 'comply', 'conform', 'unravel', 'grown', 'develop', 'melting', 'rotting', 'dying']\
Cluster 13. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 14. Medoid=unblock\
['unblock']\
Cluster 15. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 16. Medoid=redo\
['redo', 'complicate', 'activate', 'printed', 'remake']\
Cluster 17. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 18. Medoid=heed\
['listen', 'listening', 'heed', 'obey']\
Cluster 19. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 20. Medoid=hate\
['hate', 'detest']\
Cluster 21. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 22. Medoid=talk\
['sung', 'smile', 'sang', 'sing', 'talk', 'testify', 'announced', 'delude', 'attest', 'spoken', 'notify', 'speaking', 'consult', 'rewrite', 'talking', 'deceive', 'betray', 'twit', 'speak', 'dictate', 'inquire', 'comment', 'discuss', 'commentate', 'grin', 'sneer', 'chatting', 'flirt', 'chat']\
Cluster 23. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 24. Medoid=reconsider\
['consider', 'believe', 'reckon', 'reconsider']\
Cluster 25. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 26. Medoid=graves\
['graves']\
Cluster 27. Medoid=abhor\
[]\
Cluster 28. Medoid=tweet\
['tweet', 'purr', 'twitch']\
Cluster 29. Medoid=abhor\
[]}